fix: add support for node-like module resolution (#4748)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/sour-plums-pull.md

---
"wrangler": patch
---

> feat: resolve imports in a more node-like fashion, greatly increasing developer experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat: resolve imports in a more node-like fashion for package that do not declare exports
```

Previously, trying to import a file that wasn't explicitly exported from a module would result in an error, but now, better attempts are made to resolve the import using node's module resolution algorithm. It's now possible to do things like this:

```js
import JPEG_DEC_WASM from "@jsquash/jpeg/codec/dec/mozjpeg_dec.wasm";
```

> This works even if the `mozjpeg_dec.wasm` file isn't explicitly exported from the `@jsquash/jpeg` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This works even if the `mozjpeg_dec.wasm` file isn't explicitly exported from the `@jsquash/jpeg` module.

Fixes #4726 
```

---
"wrangler": patch
---

> feat: resolve imports in a more node-like fashion for packages that do not declare exports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: resolve imports in a more node-like fashion for packages that do not declare exports
```

This is really a bug fix; and in any case if it was a feature we'd need a minor version bump here.
